Good evening Dale Reid, your average QA for the week of 5/25-5/31 is 72.50. Below you can find where you lost points:

- Call 1 Recorded on 4/28/2023 1:45:47 PM Scored 70.0%

1 - Was the CSR ready and prepared for the call? Did the CSR thank the customer for calling SunPass, identify their first name, and ask how may I help you today? (adhere to inbound or CTI script) Yes,  
2 - Did the CSR authenticate the account with the account holder/authorized user appropriately and verify information (demographic info/Security question)? Yes,  
3 - Was the CSR friendly, positive, professional in their tone and demeanor throughout the call? Yes,  
4 - Did the CSR refrain from using slang or ETC acronyms? Yes,  
5 - Did the CSR use a definitive assurance statement (willingness to assist) / express ownership and control throughout the call? ("I can assist/help you with that?") No, Call Handling- see bookmark at 0:03:30 No assurance statement.
6 - Did the CSR speak clearly and concisely in a way that was understood by the customer? Yes,  
7 - Did the CSR demonstrate courtesy throughout the call by using statements such as "May I/Please/Thank You/My Pleasure/You're Welcome?" Yes,  
8 - Did the CSR follow call hold and/or transfer guidelines, adhere to mute, silence, and dead air expectations? No, Dead Air Calls- see bookmark at 0:00:56
9 - Did the CSR paraphrase the customer's concern to demonstrate clarity, active listening (without interruption) and empathy (if needed)? Yes,  
10 - Did the CSR ask appropriate probing questions to better assist / resolve the customer's issue? Yes,  
11 - Did the CSR access ALL of the customer's SunPass and/or Violation accounts and provide accurate information and appropriate resolution (effectively use all systems and tools)? No, see bookmark at 0:10:07 The CSR stated "it seems like that transponder hasn't been read since the 19th of April" making it seem as though the tt might not be working properly. The reason why she had ITOLLS is because this is a new account and tolls are still posting from before the account creation date 4/21/23.
12 - Did the CSR adhere to company policy (i.e. follow Security matrix [no hints]; use VST when applicable)? Yes,  
13 - Did the CSR notate customer's account using approved guidelines and correctly complete all tasks? Did the CSR create and complete a concise SR (when needed); save call in VST to save activities/notes? Yes,  
14 - Did the CSR thank the customer for calling SunPass? Yes,  

- Call 2 Recorded on 4/26/2023 11:24:17 AM Scored 75.0%

15 - Was the CSR ready and prepared for the call? Did the CSR thank the customer for calling SunPass, identify their first name, and ask how may I help you today? (adhere to inbound or CTI script) Yes,  
16 - Did the CSR authenticate the account with the account holder/authorized user appropriately and verify information (demographic info/Security question)? Yes,  
17 - Was the CSR friendly, positive, professional in their tone and demeanor throughout the call? Yes,  
18 - Did the CSR refrain from using slang or ETC acronyms? No, Slang- see bookmark at 0:04:02 "gonna"
19 - Did the CSR use a definitive assurance statement (willingness to assist) / express ownership and control throughout the call? ("I can assist/help you with that?") No, Call Handling- see bookmark at 0:01:37 No assurance statement.
20 - Did the CSR speak clearly and concisely in a way that was understood by the customer? Yes,  
21 - Did the CSR demonstrate courtesy throughout the call by using statements such as "May I/Please/Thank You/My Pleasure/You're Welcome?" Yes,  
22 - Did the CSR follow call hold and/or transfer guidelines, adhere to mute, silence, and dead air expectations? No, Dead Air Calls- see bookmark at 0:02:15
23 - Did the CSR paraphrase the customer's concern to demonstrate clarity, active listening (without interruption) and empathy (if needed)? Yes,  
24 - Did the CSR ask appropriate probing questions to better assist / resolve the customer's issue? Yes,  
25 - Did the CSR access ALL of the customer's SunPass and/or Violation accounts and provide accurate information and appropriate resolution (effectively use all systems and tools)? Yes,  
26 - Did the CSR adhere to company policy (i.e. follow Security matrix [no hints]; use VST when applicable)? No, Account Updates- Did not update challenge question from pin on account 20887548.
27 - Did the CSR notate customer's account using approved guidelines and correctly complete all tasks? Did the CSR create and complete a concise SR (when needed); save call in VST to save activities/notes? Yes,  
28 - Did the CSR thank the customer for calling SunPass? Yes,  
