Good evening Demetra West, your average QA for the week of 5/25-5/31 is 85.00. Below you can find where you lost points:

- Call 1 Recorded on 4/25/2023 12:33:48 PM Scored 85.0%

1 - Did the CSR state per request call is being returned from SunPass Customer Service Center, identify their first name, ask who they were speaking with, inform customer call is being recorded, and ask how they can assist? (follow outbound script) Yes,  
2 - Did the CSR authenticate the account with the account holder/authorized user appropriately and verify information (demographic info/Security question)? Yes,  
3 - Was the CSR friendly, positive, professional in their tone and demeanor throughout the call? Yes,  
4 - Did the CSR refrain from using slang or ETC acronyms? No, Slang- see bookmark at 0:02:12 "imma"
5 - Did the CSR use a definitive assurance statement (willingness to assist) / express ownership and control throughout the call? ("I can assist/help you with that?") Yes,  
6 - Did the CSR speak clearly and concisely in a way that was understood by the customer? Yes,  
7 - Did the CSR demonstrate courtesy throughout the call by using statements such as "May I/Please/Thank You/My Pleasure/You're Welcome?" Yes,  
8 - Did the CSR follow call hold and/or transfer guidelines, adhere to mute, silence, and dead air expectations? Yes,  
9 - Did the CSR paraphrase the customer's concern to demonstrate clarity, active listening (without interruption) and empathy (if needed)? Yes,  
10 - Did the CSR ask appropriate probing questions to better assist / resolve the customer's issue? Yes,  
11 - Did the CSR access ALL of the customer's SunPass and/or Violation accounts and provide accurate information and appropriate resolution (effectively use all systems and tools)? Yes,  
12 - Did the CSR adhere to company policy (i.e. follow Security matrix [no hints]; use VST when applicable)? No, Payments Security- see bookmark at 0:03:28 The customer did not hear when the CSR requested the billing address and when the CSR had to ask again she only says "your address". The CSR should have specified "billing address"
13 - Did the CSR notate customer's account using approved guidelines and correctly complete all tasks? Did the CSR create and complete a concise SR (when needed); save call in VST to save activities/notes? Yes,  
14 - Did the CSR thank the customer for calling SunPass? Yes,  
