Good evening Jacquelyn Pounds, your average QA for the week of 5/25-5/31 is 57.50. Below you can find where you lost points:

- Call 1 Recorded on 4/26/2023 9:14:06 AM Scored 90.0%

1 - Was the CSR ready and prepared for the call? Did the CSR thank the customer for calling SunPass, identify their first name, and ask how may I help you today? (adhere to inbound or CTI script) Yes,  
2 - Did the CSR authenticate the account with the account holder/authorized user appropriately and verify information (demographic info/Security question)? Yes,  
3 - Was the CSR friendly, positive, professional in their tone and demeanor throughout the call? Yes,  
4 - Did the CSR refrain from using slang or ETC acronyms? No, Slang- see bookmark at 0:02:40 "cuz"
5 - Did the CSR use a definitive assurance statement (willingness to assist) / express ownership and control throughout the call? ("I can assist/help you with that?") Yes,  
6 - Did the CSR speak clearly and concisely in a way that was understood by the customer? Yes,  
7 - Did the CSR demonstrate courtesy throughout the call by using statements such as "May I/Please/Thank You/My Pleasure/You're Welcome?" Yes,  
8 - Did the CSR follow call hold and/or transfer guidelines, adhere to mute, silence, and dead air expectations? No, Dead Air Calls- see bookmark at 0:02:46
9 - Did the CSR paraphrase the customer's concern to demonstrate clarity, active listening (without interruption) and empathy (if needed)? Yes,  
10 - Did the CSR ask appropriate probing questions to better assist / resolve the customer's issue? Yes,  
11 - Did the CSR access ALL of the customer's SunPass and/or Violation accounts and provide accurate information and appropriate resolution (effectively use all systems and tools)? Yes,  
12 - Did the CSR adhere to company policy (i.e. follow Security matrix [no hints]; use VST when applicable)? Yes,  
13 - Did the CSR notate customer's account using approved guidelines and correctly complete all tasks? Did the CSR create and complete a concise SR (when needed); save call in VST to save activities/notes? Yes,  
14 - Did the CSR thank the customer for calling SunPass? Yes,  

- Call 2 Recorded on 4/24/2023 3:09:52 PM Scored 25.0%

15 - Was the CSR ready and prepared for the call? Did the CSR thank the customer for calling SunPass, identify their first name, and ask how may I help you today? (adhere to inbound or CTI script) No, Script- see bookmark at 0:00:06 Did not confirm caller's name.
16 - Did the CSR authenticate the account with the account holder/authorized user appropriately and verify information (demographic info/Security question)? No, Account Authentication- see bookmark at 0:03:37 Did not properly authenticate the SunPass account with the account holder.
17 - Was the CSR friendly, positive, professional in their tone and demeanor throughout the call? Yes,  
18 - Did the CSR refrain from using slang or ETC acronyms? No, Slang- see bookmark at 0:03:58 "wanna"
19 - Did the CSR use a definitive assurance statement (willingness to assist) / express ownership and control throughout the call? ("I can assist/help you with that?") No, Call Handling- see bookmark at 0:00:53 No assurance statement.
20 - Did the CSR speak clearly and concisely in a way that was understood by the customer? Yes,  
21 - Did the CSR demonstrate courtesy throughout the call by using statements such as "May I/Please/Thank You/My Pleasure/You're Welcome?" Yes,  
22 - Did the CSR follow call hold and/or transfer guidelines, adhere to mute, silence, and dead air expectations? No, Call Handling- see bookmark at 0:06:18 Did not check back with the customer before exceeding the set time expectation for hold.
Dead Air Calls- see bookmark at 0:10:30
23 - Did the CSR paraphrase the customer's concern to demonstrate clarity, active listening (without interruption) and empathy (if needed)? No, Call Handling- see bookmark at 0:00:53 Interruption
24 - Did the CSR ask appropriate probing questions to better assist / resolve the customer's issue? Yes,  
25 - Did the CSR access ALL of the customer's SunPass and/or Violation accounts and provide accurate information and appropriate resolution (effectively use all systems and tools)? No, Service Request- see bookmark at 0:10:06 Unnecessary SR created, the CSR only needed to backdate the license plate, when plate sweep is processed and a toll is already charged on the account it will be cleared and the customer is not double charged.
26 - Did the CSR adhere to company policy (i.e. follow Security matrix [no hints]; use VST when applicable)? No, Account Authentication- see bookmark at 0:03:52 Provided account information/access without proper verification.
27 - Did the CSR notate customer's account using approved guidelines and correctly complete all tasks? Did the CSR create and complete a concise SR (when needed); save call in VST to save activities/notes? No, Notes- Incomplete notation, CSR spoke to two people and only notated 'Who I spoke with:(ah)MILLARD HOLCOMB'
28 - Did the CSR thank the customer for calling SunPass? Yes,  
