Good evening Kamlawattie Kublall, your average QA for the week of 5/25-5/31 is 80.00. Below you can find where you lost points:

- Call 1 Recorded on 4/26/2023 8:36:44 AM Scored 90.0%

1 - Was the CSR ready and prepared for the call? Did the CSR thank the customer for calling SunPass, identify their first name, and ask how may I help you today? (adhere to inbound or CTI script) Yes,  
2 - Did the CSR authenticate the account with the account holder/authorized user appropriately and verify information (demographic info/Security question)? Yes,  
3 - Was the CSR friendly, positive, professional in their tone and demeanor throughout the call? Yes,  
4 - Did the CSR refrain from using slang or ETC acronyms? Yes,  
5 - Did the CSR use a definitive assurance statement (willingness to assist) / express ownership and control throughout the call? ("I can assist/help you with that?") No, Call Handling- see bookmark at 0:01:04 No assurance statement, assurance statement should be provided after the customer states the reason for the call.
6 - Did the CSR speak clearly and concisely in a way that was understood by the customer? Yes,  
7 - Did the CSR demonstrate courtesy throughout the call by using statements such as "May I/Please/Thank You/My Pleasure/You're Welcome?" Yes,  
8 - Did the CSR follow call hold and/or transfer guidelines, adhere to mute, silence, and dead air expectations? No, Dead Air Calls- see bookmark at 0:03:44
9 - Did the CSR paraphrase the customer's concern to demonstrate clarity, active listening (without interruption) and empathy (if needed)? Yes,  
10 - Did the CSR ask appropriate probing questions to better assist / resolve the customer's issue? Yes,  
11 - Did the CSR access ALL of the customer's SunPass and/or Violation accounts and provide accurate information and appropriate resolution (effectively use all systems and tools)? Yes,  
12 - Did the CSR adhere to company policy (i.e. follow Security matrix [no hints]; use VST when applicable)? Yes,  
13 - Did the CSR notate customer's account using approved guidelines and correctly complete all tasks? Did the CSR create and complete a concise SR (when needed); save call in VST to save activities/notes? Yes,  
14 - Did the CSR thank the customer for calling SunPass? Yes,  

- Call 2 Recorded on 4/28/2023 2:25:13 PM Scored 70.0%

15 - Was the CSR ready and prepared for the call? Did the CSR thank the customer for calling SunPass, identify their first name, and ask how may I help you today? (adhere to inbound or CTI script) Yes,  
16 - Did the CSR authenticate the account with the account holder/authorized user appropriately and verify information (demographic info/Security question)? Yes,  
17 - Was the CSR friendly, positive, professional in their tone and demeanor throughout the call? Yes,  
18 - Did the CSR refrain from using slang or ETC acronyms? Yes,  
19 - Did the CSR use a definitive assurance statement (willingness to assist) / express ownership and control throughout the call? ("I can assist/help you with that?") No, Call Handling- see bookmark at 0:01:13 No assurance statement, assurance statement should be provided after the customer states the reason for the call.
20 - Did the CSR speak clearly and concisely in a way that was understood by the customer? Yes,  
21 - Did the CSR demonstrate courtesy throughout the call by using statements such as "May I/Please/Thank You/My Pleasure/You're Welcome?" Yes,  
22 - Did the CSR follow call hold and/or transfer guidelines, adhere to mute, silence, and dead air expectations? No, Dead Air Calls- see bookmark at 0:02:07
23 - Did the CSR paraphrase the customer's concern to demonstrate clarity, active listening (without interruption) and empathy (if needed)? Yes,  
24 - Did the CSR ask appropriate probing questions to better assist / resolve the customer's issue? No, see bookmark at 0:03:18 Probing needed, the CSR should have asked where he was reading the transponder number from because it is coming up under somebody elses account.
25 - Did the CSR access ALL of the customer's SunPass and/or Violation accounts and provide accurate information and appropriate resolution (effectively use all systems and tools)? Yes,  
26 - Did the CSR adhere to company policy (i.e. follow Security matrix [no hints]; use VST when applicable)? Yes,  
27 - Did the CSR notate customer's account using approved guidelines and correctly complete all tasks? Did the CSR create and complete a concise SR (when needed); save call in VST to save activities/notes? No, Notes- Incomplete notation on account 118570106, CSR did not notate that the customer has a SunPass for this vehicle but he is not authorized.
28 - Did the CSR thank the customer for calling SunPass? No, Script- Did not adhere to the closing script.
